at
the Geneva fair 2015 on caradisiac
it is to follow with manuel cailliot en
direct from stang honda or manu m you go
to discover or rediscover
somehow a
jazz and the small city jazz
today the third generation the
first appeared in 2001 actually in
2002 in europe is called fit on
other markets but jazz at us a
little city dweller who and it's always a
little out of the box
she is a little monovolume you
know she's a lot more so but
50.2 for this one then others so
a good habitability remains enough
compact even though she grew 10 cm
small novelty so to the big island 10
centimes is enlarged by 10 cm
wheelbase it's a little bit improved
as aesthetically it's a revenge
to their exchange bread
aesthetically she joined visually
the rest of the current honda range to
the interior, however, changes
high level
of the dashboard and all that but by
against all the little practicalities
the little tricks of jazz are
always there we will go see him all at their
bubble small storage and especially the
magic site at the back
I wanted to show that and then and then a
very large capacity chest too
for a city girl with 354 begging
a lot of good there already called - the
competitors so this is the c1
then no go on the service it is
above the c1 c2 108 kg paulo
their fingers
yes everything will make you want to give birth in
this car after your intro rather
positive and in fact I feel rather
not bad with this big so a big
tactical screen and no serial on
all versions but on the
versions his friends it's true that
at the equipment level this new
jazz
enriched notation here we can for example
have the shit crossing
line a reversing camera we even have the
reading signs or an active city
break is little
so obstacle detection she can
curb herself too she joins
the best of the category at the level
of the presentation
it's still one of the honda
it's pretty hard plastics but
it's not too bad I did not think
actually achieve and small
tips when it comes back disturbance
here commit cans here here we have
a little by little housing also for
put a little bottle there that they
cover a large glove box we have
still a storage here under the armrest
12 volt socket USB plug
that's it's also without but in
the little things like that that can
that can seduce even the counters
circled a little sport way it's very
fashion yes we see everywhere finally the
there are here is also then a steering wheel
which may not be super ergonomic
because a lot of buttons this says
that's all that's multimedia that if
everything that is cruise control
here it is relatively well
organized even though there are a lot of goals
and we will go to the back and I will
to demonstrate the magic
did not agree
show me that the magic site we talk about it
often but it's true we show
quite rare when it works
in fact it's simple
seats in the block we come across as
you see now eh ben we can place
what did you come bike of the big
green plants more than we want and
and that's the only builder
propose this guy is the only one
constructor but on many of their
models I have several of their models
here is the small city like the one
this until new suv is by
elsewhere such classical modulation with
the banks is that they fall back
it is this one who is who and who do
switch the six
at the same time which allows anton
one to have a flat floor for a
it is the city Goethe practicality
was talking about it was not a vain
excellent expression we'll finish with
the engines then this new
generation arrives in France with a leak
3,202 horses only for the moment
a little bit surprising because
the older generation has a
hybrid motorization so we wait for it
she will certainly hopefully in any
case arrived
also in europe this said for
the moment we go on a single engine
essence that could deprive her of a
some clientele it's a little bit
pity
and then it's jazz too
interested in marketing on the date of
marketing it will be in the month of
September of this year not yet the
Rates we do not have the rates yet
what I like is really
its practical aspects the magic side the
little little tricks of all these
small storage is true that in
many cars are missing
but not in this one I like it
well especially for that
the week